I'll dance with a big boot of face a
minion right there million L slow to get
up and bow base the Manhattan drop right
there I'll Midian and Val Venis now the
series of knife in chops and a dropkick
on million to the outside of the ring
they early ring apron and Val Venis now
just bashing midians face right off that
steel post a million now has been busted
open bad
Val Venis now Irish whipping midian to
the other side right into the security
railing and Val Venis with a big boot
right there all midian Val Venis now
pulling Midian over toward the ring and
throwing Midian back in the ring and
million million is not in a good way
here he has been busted open bad about
me it's going for that powerbomb pin and
Midian able to kick-out at two
Val Venis now going for the armbar a
million million trying to get to the
ropes and he does Oh a million taking
out the legs now Val Venis Numidian with
an elbow right to the knee of Val Venis
and a Manhattan dropped there by million
a million trying to get back on the
offensive here Oh blow blow by me and i
will stop about Venus right in his
tracks million out whipping Val Venis in
two turnbuckles and once again we see
repeated knees to the abdomen Val Venis
and me and just drop the knee right in
Val Venis his head and Midian going for
another abdominal stretch on Val Venis
val venis trying desperately to get to
the ropes and he does and what the heck
here comes the big show what is the big
show doing out here if Val van is going
for power bump in now and what's this
viscera is in the ring and Big Show is
fighting viscera
and Val vans for the DET val venis
looking for them could be looking for
the mechant here it is 10 belfies just
hit the money shot can you believe it
all but many enabled his cane on the
ropes after the money shot from Val
Venis Oh in Midian just clubbed Val
Venis right to face all I'm meeting with
a jaw breaker right there on Val Venis
Midian now Irish whipping valve is in
the back into the turnbuckle and million
now trying to choke out Val Venis with
his boot and the Big Show breaks it up
why is the big show out here why Val
Venis now with a powerbomb there
a million once again gets the rogues
with Val Venis attempting a pin there
and Val Venis breaking that grapple up
by million right there and valve and
seemingly right now is in control of
this match look at Val Venis now just
taunting Midian Midian has already been
busted open bad in this match and Val
Venis trying to make that worse as it
looks like right now all but million
MIDI enough desperation takes out the
legs of Val Venis
nice Slam there by Midian many now
stalking stalking Val Venis and minion
with an arm breaker now on million with
a low blow right there all the Val Venis
breaks that up
Owen another nice dropkick right there
by Val Venis eval vadas now and toe
controlled me and after another drop
kick there and valve a is now taking
midi into the outside of the ring and
Midian and throwing million into the
security railing right there at a DAT
around the floor by Val Venis and valve
ask another dt round the floor there
without Vance now in the ring taunting
and what's that what is minion doing
where is the European champion million
doing he's just taking off I think me
and has had enough of this million is
done what is he doing he nothing like
this don't retain the European tile like
this this is this is not right midian
man is going to retain the title by
count-out that isn't I hate to see it
tile match in like that
but I have a feeling this isn't the last
we've seen of this feud million retains
the title your hands how did I like
count out but nonetheless I don't think
I don't think this is the last we'll see
from million Val Venis and no doubt
about a water match that was but I hate
to see a great match like that in the
way it did with Midian walking away
we'll be back